docs(skills): initial conversion of GPU Operators skills (#401)
NVIDIA/cloud-native-docs: gpu-operator/.agents/skills/gpu-operator-references/SKILL.md

---
name: "gpu-operator-references"

> description: "Points users to the Confidential Containers reference architecture and deployment documentation. Use when users ask about confidential GPU workloads or Confidential Containers with the GPU Operator. Trigger keywords - NVIDIA GPU Operator, Confidential Containers, sandboxed workloads, Kubernetes, life cycle policy, support, releases, overview, GPU workloads, platform support, operating systems, release notes, component versions, changelog, security, deployment, troubleshooting, diagnostics."

Reviewer: **Critical: skill description routes wrong — root_cause: `references-skill-description-mismatch`**

The `description` reads:

> Points users to the Confidential Containers reference architecture and deployment documentation. Use when users ask about confidential GPU workloads or Confidential Containers with the GPU Operator. Trigger keywords - …

But the body of the skill loads **seven** different references: `confidential-containers-deploy.md`, `overview.md`, `security.md`, `life-cycle-policy.md`, `platform-support.md`, `release-notes.md`, `troubleshooting.md`. The description appears to have been generated from only the first reference and never updated.

Agents routing on this description will only invoke `gpu-operator-references` for confidential-containers questions, leaving the other 6 references effectively unreachable.

```suggestion
description: "Loads GPU Operator reference material on demand: overview, security, life-cycle, platform support, release notes, troubleshooting, and confidential-containers deployment. Use when users ask conceptual or reference questions about the GPU Operator that aren't tied to a specific install or upgrade flow."
```

(Drop the `Trigger keywords - …` suffix — see separate finding on `description-trigger-suffix`.)
